com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.Hilt_MainActivity$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe/RecipeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_list_RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_list_RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_RecipeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_RecipeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideRecipeRepositoryFactory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideRecipeRepositoryFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe/RecipeViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeViewModel_HiltModules
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideAuthTokenFactory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideAuthTokenFactory
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideAuthTokenFactory$InstanceHolder
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_BaseApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_BaseApplication
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/di/AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.AppModule_ProvideApplicationFactory
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe/RecipeFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeFragment_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_list_RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_list_RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_RecipeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_RecipeViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_di_RepositoryModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_di_RepositoryModule
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe/RecipeViewModel_Factory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeViewModel_Factory
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe_list/RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_list_RecipeListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_list_RecipeListFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_di_NetworkModule
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.BuildConfig
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe_list/RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_BaseApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_BaseApplication
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_di_AppModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_di_AppModule
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe/Hilt_RecipeFragment.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.Hilt_RecipeFragment
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeMapperFactory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeMapperFactory
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeMapperFactory$InstanceHolder
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe/RecipeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe.RecipeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_RecipeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_codingwithmitch_mvvmrecipeapp_presentation_ui_recipe_RecipeViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeServiceFactory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeServiceFactory
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRecipeServiceFactory$InstanceHolder
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe_list/RecipeListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListViewModel_Factory
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/BaseApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/BaseApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.BaseApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe_list/RecipeListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe_list/RecipeListFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.RecipeListFragment_MembersInjector
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/ui/recipe_list/Hilt_RecipeListFragment.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.ui.recipe_list.Hilt_RecipeListFragment
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCI$ViewWithFragmentCI
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCI
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.DaggerBaseApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/codingwithmitch/mvvmrecipeapp/presentation/Hilt_BaseApplication.java
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.Hilt_BaseApplication
 com.codingwithmitch.mvvmrecipeapp.presentation.Hilt_BaseApplication$1
